[ZT] Tunnel hostname routes (#22587)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/data-localization/compatibility.mdx

[^15]: Can be localized to US FedRAMP Moderate Domestic region only.
[^16]: Customer Metadata Boundary can be used to limit data transfer outside region, but Access User Logs will not be available outside US region.
[^17]: Currently may only be used with US FedRAMP region.

> [^18]: When Cloudflare Tunnel connects to Cloudflare, the connectivity options available are the Global Region (default) and [US FedRAMP Moderate Domestic region](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/configure-tunnels/cloudflared-parameters/run-parameters/#region). For incoming requests to the Cloudflare Edge, Regional Services only applies when using [public hostnames on Cloudflare](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/). In this case, the region associated with the DNS record will apply.

Reviewer: public hostnames on Cloudflare are "published applications" now, right? should we use the new term here?

> [^18]: When Cloudflare Tunnel connects to Cloudflare, the connectivity options available are the Global Region (default) and [US FedRAMP Moderate Domestic region](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/configure-tunnels/cloudflared-parameters/run-parameters/#region). For incoming requests to the Cloudflare Edge, Regional Services only applies when using [public hostnames on Cloudflare](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/). In this case, the region associated with the DNS record will apply.

Author: ```suggestion
[^18]: When Cloudflare Tunnel connects to Cloudflare, the connectivity options available are the Global Region (default) and [US FedRAMP Moderate Domestic region](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/configure-tunnels/cloudflared-parameters/run-parameters/#region). For incoming requests to the Cloudflare Edge, Regional Services only applies when using [published applications](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/routing-to-tunnel/). In this case, the region associated with the DNS record will apply.
```
